Refactor wrap/deploy of SAC (#718)
stellar/soroban-docs: docs/tutorials/tokens.mdx

streamline token deployments, Soroban implements the [Token Interface], which
provides a uniform, predictable interface for developers and users.

> Creating a Soroban token from an existing Stellar asset is very easy,
> it involves creating a [Stellar Asset Contract].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a Soroban token compatible contract from an existing Stellar asset is very easy,
it requires deploying the built-in [Stellar Asset Contract].
```

provides a uniform, predictable interface for developers and users.

Creating a Soroban token from an existing Stellar asset is very easy, and the

> wrapped token makes use of the [Stellar Asset Contract].

Reviewer: We need to remove the wrap language here too, but that's scope creep on this PR I think.

Author: I made a suggestion.
